Update EIP-5453: Move to Review (#6339)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5453.md

> description: A general protocol for approving function calls in the same transaction rely on EIP-5750.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A general protocol for approving function calls in the same transaction using EIP-5750.
```

## Abstract

> This EIP establish a general protocol for permitting approving function calls in the same transaction rely on [EIP-5750](./eip-5750.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This EIP establishes a general protocol for permitting approving function calls in the same transaction relying on [EIP-5750](./eip-5750.md).
```

> Unlike a few prior art ([EIP-2612](./eip-2612.md) for [EIP-20](./eip-20.md), `EIP-4494` for [EIP-721](./eip-721.md) that

Reviewer: Art? Why have you unlinked EIP-4494?

Author: Because EIP-4944 was still a DRAFT. the linter complains if we attempt to move EIP-5453 to REVIEW until 4944 is moved to REVIEW

Reviewer: Ah. @SamWilsn is it okay to override the bot here?

Also, I still don't get what you mean by art.

Reviewer 2: > @SamWilsn is it okay to override the bot here?

I don't believe so. Just don't mention EIP-4944, or move it to the correct stage. If it's important enough to mention, it's important enough to make sure it doesn't change out from under you.

> Also, I still don't get what you mean by art.

"Prior Art" is a legal term meaning related work that came before.

> usually only permit for a single behavior (`transfer` for EIP-20 and `safeTransferFrom` for EIP-721) and a single approver in two transactions (first a `permit(...)` TX, then a `transfer`-like TX), this EIP provides a way to permit arbitrary behaviors and aggregating multiple approvals from arbitrary number of approvers in the same transaction, allowing for Multi-Sig or Threshold Signing behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usually only permit a single behavior (`transfer` for EIP-20 and `safeTransferFrom` for EIP-721) and a single approver in two transactions (first a `permit(...)` TX, then a `transfer`-like TX), this EIP provides a way to permit arbitrary behaviors and aggregating multiple approvals from an arbitrary number of approvers in the same transaction, allowing for Multi-Sig or Threshold Signing behavior.
```
